# Applications of prediction models in the emergency department: a bibliometric analysis
This repository contains the code and data for a bibliometricc analysis of prediction models in the emergency department.

### Abstract

The recent advancements in artificial intelligence (AI) is playing a significant role in the growth of research in health/medical sciences, including its sub-domain likes emergency medicine. This study aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the existing literature on prediction models in emergency departments (ED) through bibliometric analysis. A literature search was conducted using the Google Scholar platform to find articles related to the ED and prediction models published between 2012 and 2022. The dataset collected contained 423 articles with information such as authors, journals, publication year, number of citations. Performance analysis was conducted to measure the productivity and quality of AI research in the ED. The most influential articles and journals were selected based on the number of citations received and most active researchers and organizations were selected based on the number of articles published. The results of the bibliometric analysis shows that machine learning has been widely applied in a variety of applications in EDs and has greatly contributed to the advancement of the field. This study provides insights into the current state of research on AI-based prediction models in EDs and identifies potential directions for future research.